one of the other toys that I bought is
my new in earphones
these are from Shaw I've previously had
surely old series I can't remember the
modern number top of my head if I do
remember it I'll put it in the
description below but these are the new
ones I'm having it's just the se215
and believe these around about 7080
pounds at its on this video anyway it's
just a single driver
this isn't Shaw's lowest isn't there
well isn't anyway near there medium or
heights one either one of the upgrades
that they've already done which is why
I've gone through two of the older ones
so now have cables that you can change
from here so if you do damage your cable
you can completely change out and keep
the earbuds which is of course the most
expensive part if I'd turn the path of
the older series break on me where I've
only ended up having one side of audio
so it's quite simple box you can see the
different tips that got so they've got
foam sleeves and they've got soft black
sleeves and they've got and it almost
got carrying case and got these
specifications and all that jazz as well
so the fixie range from 22 Hertz to 17.5
kilohertz again it doesn't tell us how
accurate that is is you put someone is
free DB 107 DB SPL 20 ohm impedance it's
maybe saying that you do want to look at
and you can see how long the cable is
which is 162 centimeters you can see on
the side here is the black series they
do also have a see-through one and it's
got a two year warranty as well with it
I've heard from the internet that shows
very good with their warranty both times
my old Shores broken thereby she's been
out of warranty so I've never actually
dealt with them myself a lot lot of
people say they do have common issues
send it in and I've seen you usually a
new pair or repair it for
quickly much hassle so we've got our
hanging bit here it's the best way of
opening this so looks like there's just
a seal on the top we're gonna have to
peel off the box out and we've got the
earphones themselves and cable some
safety information there on how to us
you bear it I'm used to this the style
of these I've got the cable and of
course the earphones I put them inside
got some part there the carrying case in
the case here we've got the different
tips and it looks like we've got a small
tool here well that's for yet a small
little carrying case has got the shore
logo it's a zip case and it's got me
little carabiner on there as well
lift that up and they've got some
restriction men use it very small and
gonna get it so plastic
thankfully it's not those sealed
plastics on this top part here looks
like they've reinforced the cable so how
she stays where it's been been that
helps stay over the X these are over the
Year earphones as you might be able to
see from the pictures here you put them
in and go over the top of the ear and
that helps them stop being pulled out I
just undo this little cable tie here
this cable feels a lot softer than the
older cable that they used to use so
there we go now we can see that this is
our kind of Junction here got a rubber
sleeve we can take up and down then when
you do have these running down the back
your neck you can tighten this up to fit
around your neck again helps it from
being pulled out as you move back if you
are actually use these as in-ear
monitors and are in half memory a jack
there with a strain relief so I've just
realized what that tools for just took
off the default foam piece here you can
see that we've got a canal going down
into the unit here also remove the cable
one of the interesting things is the
connector that used for the cable it's
kind like a mini coax connector
so we have this hole here and if some
reason that does get clogged or any kind
of debris what we can use is this hook
end place it in and kind of scoop out
anything that's in there now I
personally prefer these rubberized ones
because I find them easier to take in
and out especially when at work and
although you do need a good seal you
might be taking them in and out quite a
few times if you're doing both IMed and
wedges so there's the kind of medium
ones that I'm going to try out
I might even lead try the small ones
I've removed when the foam ones and you
can actually see that one's direct in
but these foam ones actually have a
grille built in as well so they might
actually sound slightly different as
well I'm gonna get these air popped on
and then I'm gonna try them out look for
a review in upcoming videos and a golf
and net play with my new toys now and
see how they sound compared to their old
brothers